My Projects.md, before:

Here’s a list of AI projects I’m currently working on or plan to work on. Completed stuff is here on my GitHub and Semanticky Substack.

The relationship metaphor is deliberately ironic.

## We’re Doing Wonderful Things Together, Claude

1. Expand the capabilities of semantic JSON operators beyond single-shot and “extends” composition. Investigate encapsulation (uhh), persistence, and inheritance. See just how far this stuff can go
2. Upgrade DuoMap to produce validated, stable pattern constellations and associated story narratives
3. Finish and publish the Curriculum Walker deliverables for Python and associated packages.
4. Continue the “Apex Blindness” investigation into the impacts of emerging technologies
5. Modernize and publish the interactive trainer operators (Axelrod, PANOPTES, Aegis, etc) from the Sonnet 3.5 days
6. Give serious thought to publishing the legacy story developer operators… while nascent, they demonstrate a novel way to approach story universe architecting, developing, and creative storytelling guidance (beat sheets, progressive review, etc) for professional authors and studio houses
7. Greentext paradigm as educational tool - a powerful mode of expression that can be extended beyond traditional “chan” usage… it can be like catnip for your learning brain!
8. Stop being a Luddite and start using MCP, for God’s sake
9. The Speaking Coach - audio voice analysis operator for self-improvement

## Claude, You’ve Changed

1. Investigate why Claude progressively turns semantic operators from math specs into fancy recipes
2. Study the impact of Claude’s alignment evolution on past semantic operators
3. Develop a meta-strategy to enable operators to cope with an ever-tightening model

## It’s Not You, Claude — It’s Me

1. “Be a Better Prompter” - it never ends
2. Bring “Julie’s Calling Card” JSON spec up to date
3. Strike a better balance between innovation-firehose mode, hiking the development lifecycle, and deliverable usage/application
4. Regenerate shards for past chat session to replace defective/inadequate versions
5. Write that elusive conversations.json detangler (with robust error toleration)
6. Develop a consistent blogging routine
7. And find time to continue catching up on the research literature

## Claude, I Need Space

1. More Neuronpedia work
2. Use local models for validation of Claude deliverables (like running code in a sandbox)
3. NumPys and PyTorches and Pandas— oh my!
4. Someday: build my own personal agent (sorry, Claude)

Commit message:

Update My Projects.md
Add Curriculum Walker v5.0 enhancement subtask (geez, soon I'll need a Jira to track these things) :(

My Projects.md, after:

Here’s a list of AI projects I’m currently working on or plan to work on. Completed stuff is here on my GitHub and Semanticky Substack.

The relationship metaphor is deliberately ironic.

## We’re Doing Wonderful Things Together, Claude

1. Expand the capabilities of semantic JSON operators beyond single-shot and “extends” composition. Investigate encapsulation (uhh), persistence, and inheritance. See just how far this stuff can go
2. Upgrade DuoMap to produce validated, stable pattern constellations and associated story narratives
3. Finish and publish the Curriculum Walker deliverables for Python and associated packages.
4. Rearchitect Curriculum Walker (uplevel to v5.0) to generate its deliverables in Jupyter format. Turns out this isn't as easy as adding an adjunct "make Jupyter format" statement to the execution for v4.0 (drat).
5. Continue the “Apex Blindness” investigation into the impacts of emerging technologies
6. Modernize and publish the interactive trainer operators (Axelrod, PANOPTES, Aegis, etc) from the Sonnet 3.5 days
7. Give serious thought to publishing the legacy story developer operators… while nascent, they demonstrate a novel way to approach story universe architecting, developing, and creative storytelling guidance (beat sheets, progressive review, etc) for professional authors and studio houses
8. Greentext paradigm as educational tool - a powerful mode of expression that can be extended beyond traditional “chan” usage… it can be like catnip for your learning brain!
9. Stop being a Luddite and start using MCP, for God’s sake
10. The Speaking Coach - audio voice analysis operator for self-improvement

## Claude, You’ve Changed

1. Investigate why Claude progressively turns semantic operators from math specs into fancy recipes
2. Study the impact of Claude’s alignment evolution on past semantic operators
3. Develop a meta-strategy to enable operators to cope with an ever-tightening model

## It’s Not You, Claude — It’s Me

1. “Be a Better Prompter” - it never ends
2. Bring “Julie’s Calling Card” JSON spec up to date
3. Strike a better balance between innovation-firehose mode, hiking the development lifecycle, and deliverable usage/application
4. Regenerate shards for past chat session to replace defective/inadequate versions
5. Write that elusive conversations.json detangler (with robust error toleration)
6. Develop a consistent blogging routine
7. And find time to continue catching up on the research literature

## Claude, I Need Space

1. More Neuronpedia work
2. Use local models for validation of Claude deliverables (like running code in a sandbox)
3. NumPys and PyTorches and Pandas— oh my!
4. Someday: build my own personal agent (sorry, Claude)
